Folder with:
1. In [spin-J field massless](https://github.com/stefanobartolomei/Master-s-Thesis/tree/0ad66b397b9016f9642f8863cabd8c9a4f6aa7d9/spin-J%20field%20massless) and [spin-J field massive](https://github.com/stefanobartolomei/Master-s-Thesis/tree/0e2e1ea5620cfea626a1558c916641b76cf5f4e1/spin-J%20field%20massive) there are the calculations for Bogoliubov coefficients with in-out formalism of QFT, relying on Feynman rules of the vertex interaction gravity-matter, and the differential number density produced for those fields.
2. In [spin-J field TT](https://github.com/stefanobartolomei/Master-s-Thesis/tree/a0c0bc08a5e564bd01de10e28b95287d91aeb52d/spin-J%20field%20TT) it's calculated the 2-point function $\langle T^{\mu \nu}T^{\rho \sigma}\rangle$ (where $T^{\mu \nu}$ is the energy-stress tensor) needed to derive the vacuum persistence probability. In addition, it computes (and plots) the kernel functions related to the metric perturbation ($\Theta$,$\Sigma$ scalars, $W$ vectorial and $h$ tensorial). 
3. In particular, [spin-1 massive TT.nb](https://github.com/stefanobartolomei/Master-s-Thesis/blob/2fdbd9b33607c319b3253f8c2db1fff140c7c432/spin-J%20field%20TT/spin-1%20massive%20TT.nb) applies those formulae to estimate the abundance of vector massive particle to reproduce the dark matter abundance. For this purpose, the gravitational tensor fluctuations -- namely gravitational waves -- are produced by a first order phase transition, due to bubble collision. The template of the power spectrum for GWs is 
4. In [Preheating](https://github.com/stefanobartolomei/Master-s-Thesis/tree/ed8297b4e2ccec9e1015257faf08ed64be33d66d/Preheating) it's studied primarly a preheating scenario costituted by inflaton field $\phi$ with potential $V(\phi) = \frac{1}{2}m_\phi^2 \phi^2$ and $V(\phi) = \frac{\lambda}{4}\phi^4$ with a scalar spectator field $\chi$ interacting through $g^2\phi^2\chi^2$ term. The codes solve numerically the equation of motion for both fields, plot their behaviour, the power spectrum and number density of the daughter field.
5. In [Preheating and GWs.nb](), it's calculated the generation of GW through energy-stress tensor's anisotropies of the spectator field $T^{\mu \nu}_\chi$.
6. In [Definitions and Properties](https://github.com/stefanobartolomei/Master-s-Thesis/tree/295f2b8afd6a26e96afb6df08f1a18f4b1f042f6/Definitions%20and%20Properties) there are the definitions used in calculations for spinors, polarization vectors and tensors, with ckecks such definitions. Additionally, it contains checks for properties of field theory discussed.
